---
draft: false
---
The[[Ships/Bleeding Heart]]] arrives back in[[Tir Zafiri]]].  [[Characters/Johanna]]] turns over 7 [[Bar of Thramnium]]s to[[Characters/Edgar Bonnybluff]]] of the original 8. He is disappointed, but appreciative.  [[Characters/Bennett]]] delivers 30 [[Giant Riding Lizard]]s to a representative of the [[Tir Zafiri Army]]. She receives a [[Receipt of Goods]].

The party seeks out new missions. They accept the following:  
Escort a trade mission to[[Arctoriam]]] by way of[[Myrenthal]]] - 400 [[Gp]]  
Transport a group of merchants to[[Myrenthal]]] - 60 [[Gp]]  
Transport wanted criminals to[[Zylandrom]]] - 350 [[Gp]] (Credit with[[Characters/Sundrul]]])
[[Characters/Bennett]]] and[[Push and Pull of the Ocean's Tides]]] each found a [[Giant Riding Lizard]] egg. They are expected to hatch on [[7021-11-15]].
Still in [[Arinthal Harbor]] [[Captains]] go to check on rumors of [[Laurent Castillon]]'s wealth. They discover that rumors of his bankruptcy are circulating, but not widespread.  
They go to the [[Restful Skies]] to meet the[[Groups/Emerald Expansion]]]. They meet[[Characters/Zara Firebeard]]]. She questions them about their experience. They don't mention any specific expeditions.  
They speak to [[Eliath Goldwhisper]]. He catches[[Characters/Rene]]] in a lie but still accepts the crew.  [[Characters/Bishop]]],[[Push and Pull of the Ocean's Tides]]],[[Characters/Rene]]], and[[Characters/Bennett]]] got to get spicy food.[[Characters/Bishop]]] asks[[Characters/Bennett]]] where she learned to do magic.

The party catches[[Characters/Dorian Whiteshade]]] checkign out the ship. Pot follows him back.