---
draft: "true"
---
[[Characters/Pot]]] returns with the shipwrecked people and [[Captains]] plot how to overtake the remaining [[Locations/Calvatharn]] camp.  
Plans discussed are to gather the remaining commanders and blow them all up together, sneak aboard the ship without alerting the camp, or cause start spreading information of a rebellion and get more common soldiers on [[Captains]]' side.  
The explosion plan is selected.  
[[Captains]] split into three teams and gather supplies to create [[Fire Arrow]]s to ignite the gun powder barrels.  
⅔ of the party end up running into various dinosaurs on the way and get pretty hurt before the battle.  [[Characters/Bishop]]],[[Characters/Johanna]]], and[[Characters/Caspian]]] break off to hide the barrels around the central meeting tent before the morning commanders meeting.  
[[Characters/Rene]],[[Characters/Bennett]]], and[[Characters/Pot]]] go to sabotage the long guns.  
The plan goes relatively smoothly, injuring most of the commanders and kicking off a chaotic rebellion.  
Many common soldiers are confused and about half end up fighting [[Captains]].  
Eventually [[Captains]] take the camp.  
Flares are sent up from the ship, they expect some kind of coded answer.  
[[Captains]] answer wrong and the ship begins to set off.  [[Characters/Pot]]] swims out to the ship first and apprehends the scientist on board, [[Characters/Thebrin Quass]].  
A long discussion ensues about what to do with [[Characters/Thebrin Quass]]. [[Characters/Rene]] wants to kill her,[[Characters/Bishop]]] just wants her off the ship, others think [[Crew]] could use a scientist.  
[[Characters/Thebrin Quass]] ends up staying aboard.  
[[Captains]] spend a week getting the ship prepared to depart and leave [[Unknown Dinosaur Island]] behind.