---
draft: "true"
---
[[Characters/Johanna]]] [[Characters/Rene]] and [[Characters/Pot]] go to the thieves' guild.  [[Characters/Johanna]]] offers warehouse space in exchange for information.  [[Characters/Johanna]]] will get them a contact.

[[Vinnie]] and[[Characters/Bennett]]] send letters.

[[Characters/Thebrin Quass]] provides [[Vinnie]] with her list:

Svetlana Bouchard: idiopsychology  
Exhibits abnormal physical capabilities, an interesting unit for further study. Ideally taken alive. Last seen in Seravax.

Nikita Mencher: thermokinematics  
An ex-lover. Purely for spite, would like to kill her personally. Left Thebrin for another after using her to secure a research position. In the New World.

Mina McDowell: oneirology  
Worthless. Has produced no published research yet continually gains funding from the central comittee. Rarely leaves her lab in the capitol.

Florinda Worknesh: metallurgy  
An essential part of the Calvatharn war effort. Rarely leaves her lab in the capitol.

Brynhildr Nyman: epidemiology  
Dangerous and unprincipaled. Responsible for thousands of deaths and a large portion of Calvatharn's biological weapons.

Ebenezer Vartanian: cryptology  
It's personal. Fought over similar grant funding and attacked Thebrin's reputation. Enjoys espionage, torture, languages.

Godric Miltiadis: pseudoptics  
Responsible for a shipbuilding program on the southern edge of Calvatharn, potentially useful research for the ______ Heart to use.
Daring Ship Rumors (Vinnie)  
Fairwind's Grace  
Liquid Asset  
Duke's Saber  
The Proceeding  
Nauti Buoy  
Unsinkable II  
Coral Dream  
Knot Working  
Elegance of Spirit  
Silvered Edge
Bennett is knighted by Affraic Malavorna
Liquid asset: Manuela Everardo Joined
Bastion turn on [[7021-08-01]]
[[Shadowfin]] is left at the keep to do criminal stuff. Tells [[Characters/Rene]] to seek [[Aslan]] at the [[Stuffy Scabbard]] in [[Locations/Vallumos]]