Location: [[Calvatharn Dig Site 1187|Unknown Dinosaur Island]]

[[Pot]] returns with the [[Crew of the Broken Heart|Less Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] people and the [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Most Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] plot how to overtake the remaining [[Calvatharn|Calvatharnian]] camp.  

Plans discussed are to gather the remaining commanders and blow them all up together, sneak aboard the ship without alerting the camp, or cause start spreading information of a rebellion and get more common soldiers on the [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Most Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] side. The explosion plan is selected.  

[[Captains of the Broken Heart|Most Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] split into three teams and gather supplies to create Fire Arrows to ignite the gun powder barrels. ⅔ of the party end up running into various dinosaurs on the way and get pretty hurt before the battle. [[Bishop]], [[Johanna]], and [[Caspian]] break off to hide the barrels around the central meeting tent before the morning commanders meeting.  
[[Rene]], [[Bennett]], and [[Pot]] go to sabotage the long guns. 

The plan goes relatively smoothly, injuring most of the commanders and kicking off a chaotic rebellion.   Many common soldiers are confused and about half end up fighting the [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Most Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]]. Eventually the camp is overtaken. 

Flares are sent up from the ship, they expect some kind of coded answer. The [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Most Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] answer wrong and the ship begins to set off.  [[Pot]] swims out to the ship first and apprehends the scientist on board, [[Thebrin Quass]].

A long discussion ensues about what to do with [[Thebrin Quass]]. [[Rene]] wants to kill her, [[Bishop]] just wants her off the newly named [[Bleeding Heart|Khalvyn's Sacrifice]], and others think the [[Crew of the Broken Heart|Crew of the Khalvyn's Sacrifice]] could use a scientist. [[Thebrin Quass]] ends up staying aboard. 

The newly minted [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Captains of the Khalvyn's Sacrifice]] spend a week getting the [[Bleeding Heart|Khalvyn's Sacrifice]] prepared to depart and leave what [[Thebrin Quass]] reveals to be [[Calvatharn Dig Site 1187]] behind.