Location: [[Open Ocean]] near [[Calvatharn Dig Site 1187|Unknown Dinosaur Island]]

Six [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Separate People Minding Their Own Business]] meet in the ocean near [[Calvatharn Dig Site 1187|Unknown Dinosaur Island]] aboard their respective pirate ([[Pot]] and [[Bishop]])/navy ([[Caspian]] and [[Johanna]])/merchant ([[Rene]] and [[Bennett]]) ships. The navy chasing the pirates chasing the merchants. As the ships engage in battle an enormous Plesiosaurus appears and sinks all the ships. The crews abandon ship and swim to shore.  

Location: [[Calvatharn Dig Site 1187|Unknown Dinosaur Island]]

The [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Most Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] wash ashore with nothing but the clothes on their backs. Tensions run high due to previous battle and low communication affinity.  

The pirates try to back away into jungle but are surrounded by Velociraptors. Everyone joins in to scare them off.  

[[Caspian]] declares the pirates are under arrest and that the entirety of the island will be their jail for now.   

Everyone begins scavenging the wreckages and looking for food and water. They find a river 2 hours inland, convince some Hadrosaurs not to interfere, gather water, firewood, start putting up shelter.  

[[Caspian]] attempts to wrestle a Plesiosaurus. [[Caspian]] and [[Rene]] are downed in combat before the party can retreat.  

Before resting for the night, one of the Hadrosaurs falls in a pit trap [[Johanna]] had set up. [[Pot]] tries to free it and is sideswiped by a tail in the process. The Hadrosaur is set free.