Location: [[Calvatharn Dig Site 1187|Unknown Dinosaur Island]]

During watch the [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Most Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] realize that they’re being spied on by [[Zhessir Kraakel]], who flees when addressed.  [[Zhessir Kraakel]] returns at sunrise with the rest of the [[Crew of the Broken Heart|Less Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]]. The [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Most Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] convince them it’s ok to bring [[Caspian]] back to the [[Unknown Dinosaur Island Treetop Encampment]] under the condition that he is tied up.  

Location: [[Unknown Dinosaur Island Treetop Encampment]]

At the [[Unknown Dinosaur Island Treetop Encampment]], the [[Captains of the Broken Heart|Most Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] learns the ship anchored in the north is a scientific expedition from [[Calvatharn]]. They are healed and stocked on basic supplies while they plan to steal the ship by liberating enough [[Calvatharn|Calvatharnian]] slaves to fight back against their masters. They promise to return to inform the [[Crew of the Broken Heart|Less Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] if their plan to steal the[[Calvatharn|Calvatharnian]] ship solidifies.  

The party advances further into the jungle only to get lost for a while. They run into an Allosaurus that is easily taken down.  

They come to a point where they hear chatter in [[Calvatharn|Calvatharnian]] up ahead, but nobody can understand it besides [[Bishop]]. They follow the noise to a regiment of [[Calvatharn|Calvatharnian]] soldiers and follow them to [[Calvatharn Dig Site 1187 Active Excavation]], where they find scientists are trying to obtain some kind of eggs without the parent dinosaurs noticing. They plan to single out a soldier when they’re away from the rest of their company and convince them to defect. They will return to their regiment and spread word. Then they plan to attack the commander without interference from the slave-soldiers. 

The plan is effective in taking out the first commander, and the party gains 10 soldiers on our side. [[Pot]] returns to the [[Unknown Dinosaur Island Treetop Encampment]] to inform the [[Crew of the Broken Heart|Less Recent Castaways of the Unknown Dinosaur Island]] that the plan is moving forward.  

The rest of the party returns to [[Calvatharn Dig Site 1187 Active Excavation]] to take out the rest of the commanders at the outpost. They end up with about 30 slave-soldiers and 5 miners on their side, with the knowledge that about 80-90 soldiers remain at the main camp with their commanders. They plan to incite more rebellion among the main camp and steal the ship next time.